[Music]
you know what's going on with my family that I have to
that I have to that it
was for some videos, papers to the CEO
that in fact I signed up for the best he
has there
before I left I have to record videos of
interest to the CEO so I don't forget
and I can't find it
well and he goes and he's going to react to a video
that they made a video criticism of me he's going to
see a brutal video criticism they made
a brutal video criticism of me and abyss but
life leaves it for tomorrow because it's already
two o'clock and I look in the morning I'm getting
up every day to take what
Carito sent me okay there are
two two little things menacho who takes the subway gets
up more or less early and I'm on a
strict schedule besides I do
a little exercise every day a little bit not even
a little bit some weights who
looks
at the guitar like the guitar was
for a fair walking alone from the sport that I
'm doing
tobacco they forget for two days at night I
smoke in half a cigarette before going to sleep
already to a country of bad range and on any
day well I don't know any but during the
day there is no  I feel much better I
feel much better stairs and I live
on the tenth floor on the stairs all day
stairs elevator see you later
by Diaz stairs up stairs
down okay
and I little by little little by little little by little little by little
and a half
listen to me already in the middle I'm going to
eliminate it right now
in the middle of what I would eliminate same
listen to me in thor day
many times that is nothing to me as well as
I smoke never never smoke
a lot or so never literally never and I
feel much better the truth then
as I don't want to go to bed very late I'm
going to tell you about a topic that is going to be
short but fun I promise you it's going to
be very fun okay
suddenly
some tweets appear
some tweets appear and the diet is
much better I'm also thinking I
had a
nutritionist
what happens is of course it's a [ __ ]
problem because she's going to put me on a
diet that I don't eat I don't like
at all I'm mentally mentally preparing myself
psychologically first for that
what are you taking Xavi I need it in my
diet to talk to Carito they are some
natural products that she sells
aloe vera and things like that it
's a little bit of a set of  everything that I
'm doing and it has been very good for me
the truth is
the subject of the well let's talk about my
medical part with the roll let's talk about
the subject we will talk about it another time
when we are out of extracts about
3 appear okay what is happening that these
tweets no longer exist because because the
account was deleted then as I already
know how they work as it could be what it's about I
already know them and I know that
the account is going to be deleted
as I already see them coming as I already
see it coming I take a screenshot it is always
12 the pathetic tea appears you know that I
made a video on the main channel don't
miss it
go see it on the main channel three
or four days ago
where I completely put the pathetic tea
okay not only did I expose it with the
tacky company that he formed
making an attempt at Amazon and then
the guy comes out to mess with this god
when it is when when the guy has
this company that he said was his biggest
project not
a tacky thing to sell cell phones that cold
of your 400 subscribers the company had
not only that they drowned and served
on the main channel  because
because the guy didn't want to debate he spent
a week I see a week putting me
off yes now yes now I can't now I do
n't know what now I don't know how much
and now it's the video to put it in total because he is
super angry as he is super
angry the other day I made an excerpt
no more well because he says an excerpt I
didn't make the video of the main face and
when I made the video of each main one it
came out so much that he started sending me
messages telling me that he accepted the debate
for three thousand dollars three thousand dollars they
want you all to [ __ ] field he had 23
thousand dollars if you don't get paid three thousand dollars
even in two months
for scarecrows and things and he appears
here lying fake news
lying fake news this has
absolutely nothing to do with me he says
that if verter no that xivert in no it
has absolutely nothing to do with him
and a roll starts to mount here no the
gentleman if you can call him that Javier
Oliveira who spent weeks
harassing me
typical topic I
mean you criticize him you get into
a coma you start harassing her for md
you put  make videos enjoying it do
it you have 800 tweets calling
dallas everything all kinds of insults and
now I'm criticizing you and I'm saying
let's debate politely
harassing me
totally guys he starts saying that the
project is
[ __ ] these companies and werther no
that it wasn't his that it belonged to someone else that the
other one proposed it and he says hey juan how
are you we really like the content you
make I
want to propose you to be part of the
project
okay so when he sends me this tweet
I directly the only thing I do before
his tweet telling me I have nothing to
do with this with cybertech I don't
answer him simply with these screenshots
clown icon and this screenshot I
have my own technology company
if you pour no
[Laughs]
because water down the tea that he took worse screenshots
white h
instagram of my company
[Laughs]
is that you are this pathetic god
you are the temple no sodium instagram of my
company and there was another person well this is
already the people of course because as he
messed with the logo of
being of os looking at the cybertech logo it's
not worth looking at the xivert logo in no  and
look at the logo of the company q3 to look at
logitech gamer club it's a bit of a
mix of the entire video life lg or rather it's
a bit unoriginal let's call it you
garbage no and the god or to close the
account god be it from a sack of a sack
but without even putting a
word simply with a boat
with a motorcycle and with two captures I have
made him leave twitter to close
the account
it was that one expects tv the same and there was
someone there was
someone who took it and put up
to a kilo as flavor to the account
then
and no today 20 started
today I come to present something that the
truth fills me with emotion because
after this channel it is perhaps my
biggest project
hahahahahahaha
maybe after this channel in my
biggest project and in the melon and
comes the melon was and puts it on again
and comes the melon to put me that he
has absolutely nothing to do with that
and me but please how can it be so
good if not let's see this
guys today I will make one of my
dreams come true in stained glass
the subject of a  halo you came back to the lobby
of an atheist
goodbye
[Laughs] I
think there was something more but I don't
want to leave something out
I thought there was something more that I
had clicked on or whatever but
well for you we wanted tea but you're
pathetic
man because I always run into these types of
people it's like they give me the
asc that's how things are I'm fed up with it I
promise it's cutting direct YouTube I
'm not fed up with it I promise you
anyway this pathetic a kiss that I know
what to see in this video from the town
you have put good coverage already in the
town it is a position already good coverage
because you see the videos the
coverage is useless for the debates but today it is
very good it is very good boy
[Music]